Add configuration to serve public routes from a different base url path (#2704)
livebook-dev/livebook: README.md

  * `LIVEBOOK_BASE_URL_PATH` - sets the base url path the web application is
    served on. Useful when deploying behind a reverse proxy.

>   * `LIVEBOOK_PUBLIC_BASE_URL_PATH_OVERRIDE` - overrides the base url path for the public
>     asset routes only. Useful to create exceptions when deploying behind a reverse proxy 
>     that requires authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `LIVEBOOK_PUBLIC_BASE_URL_PATH` - sets the base url path the `/public/*` routes
    are served on. Note that this takes precedence over `LIVEBOOK_BASE_URL_PATH`,
    if both are set. Setting this may be useful to create exceptions when deploying
    behind a reverse proxy that requires authentication.
```

Author: Done :)
